Ah, go away
Mr. Jiang, how do you write it?
You think I'll be like that stupid man in the future
I was framed by you obediently
I've turned your rumors in the company into evidence
The evidence that you and I have imported into the upper echelons has been collected
Get ready for evidence
Please go please forgive me
I just don't want you and Chen Lin
That wild girl together
What right do you have to point fingers at me?
Do you really have the heart to look at your own
Was the mother down and out?
Pardon me?
I'm mom
I knew Xiaoyu wouldn't be so cruel
Give me the phone
What? I know you're lazy. Somebody give me your phone
If I don't give
I have ways to hack into your phone
Delete the video
If you don't cooperate, I'll make your life worse than death
Why are you not surprised?
Did you already know that I am your mother?
I've seen you many times at the orphanage
Every time you come to the corner to peek at me
That time
I overheard a conversation like this.
Did you send me to the orphanage on purpose?
I just want to find a chance to temporarily raise your son for you
You know the temporary green hills
Will raise an orphan to adulthood
Heard it all
I thought
I have your rotten blood on me
I feel sick
Don't try to use the blood relationship, you don't deserve it
I don't deserve it, does he deserve it?
He can't even protect his own daughter
Don't lift the corpse in front of me
I'll make you die miserably
Jiang Yu
You've been drinking?
Don't be like this, why is Jiang Yu so abnormal today?
Is there something going on that I don't know about?